Supply chain management is a critical operation
in any hospital.
Within the VA, the logistics service performs the role
of supply chain management.
The biggest expense to hospitals is labor,
or paying for the wages and benefits of staff.
The next biggest expense to hospitals
is the cost of the supply chain,
which could be up to 40% of the budget.
As a result, it is important to manage the supply chain
as much as possible.
Logistics staff can make improvements
in their management of their supply chain performance.
Such improvements in supply chain
can then have indirect improvements
in the other areas of the hospital.
This all leads to sustainability of the hospital
in its performance for patient care.